feat: adds Core Principles document (#520)
cloudposse/docs: content/glossary/yaml.md

---
title: "YAML"
description: 'YAML (or YAML Ain't Markup Language) is a human-readable data-serialization language.'
terms:
- YAML
tags:
- config
- configuration
---

> YAML is a configuration language that is prevasive throughout the DevOps community. It is a superset of the popular JSON configuration format, but provides a more concise, human-readable interface while also supporting value inheritance via [anchors](https://helm.sh/docs/chart_template_guide/yaml_techniques/#yaml-anchors).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
YAML is a configuration syntax (aka data-serialization format) that is pervasive throughout the DevOps community. It is a superset of the popular JSON configuration format but provides a more concise, human-readable interface while also supporting value inheritance via [anchors](https://helm.sh/docs/chart_template_guide/yaml_techniques/#yaml-anchors).
```
